README.md, before:

# SportCalender

Sportradar Coding Academy

## Installation

To install the application run `composer install`

## Coding Exercise

1. Coding Exercise
Goal is to implement a calendar for sport events. Events may be added to the calendar and it should be possible to categorize the events based on sports.
Examples:
• Sat., 18.07.2019, 18:30, Football, Salzburg – Sturm
• Sun., 23.10.2019, 09:45, Ice Hockey, KAC - Capitals

2. Task 1 – Modelling
Start with identifying the database entities and then create a suitable database diagram (ERD). The ERD should cover all tables and their relations.
Furthermore, the database should contain additional information, which may be valuable for the sport calendar.

3. Task 2 – DB Structure/Data
Create a database following the structure of your ERD. Add all necessary fields to the tables. Foreign keys should be named with a ‘_’ as prefix (Example: _FOREIGNKEY).

4. Task 3 – Implementation
Create a HTML frontend to display the data in a user-friendly way. Navigation should be indicated but no functionality is needed.
Then go on with the dynamic display of data – avoid SQL queries within loops!
Required parts:
• Database connection
• SQL query
• Data output
Additional filters can be added to the calendar presentation.
We recommend hosting your code on GitHub as it allows us to see how you handle commits. Please send us the link to the repo you created after you have finished your solution (o.spann@sportradar.com).# SportCalender

Commit message:

created unit tests for repositories

README.md, after:

# SportCalender

Sportradar Coding Academy

## Installation

To install the application run `composer install`.

## Testing

To execute the UnitTests run `./vendor/bin/phpunit tests --testdox` in the console.

## Coding Exercise

1. Coding Exercise
Goal is to implement a calendar for sport events. Events may be added to the calendar and it should be possible to categorize the events based on sports.
Examples:
• Sat., 18.07.2019, 18:30, Football, Salzburg – Sturm
• Sun., 23.10.2019, 09:45, Ice Hockey, KAC - Capitals

2. Task 1 – Modelling
Start with identifying the database entities and then create a suitable database diagram (ERD). The ERD should cover all tables and their relations.
Furthermore, the database should contain additional information, which may be valuable for the sport calendar.

3. Task 2 – DB Structure/Data
Create a database following the structure of your ERD. Add all necessary fields to the tables. Foreign keys should be named with a ‘_’ as prefix (Example: _FOREIGNKEY).

4. Task 3 – Implementation
Create a HTML frontend to display the data in a user-friendly way. Navigation should be indicated but no functionality is needed.
Then go on with the dynamic display of data – avoid SQL queries within loops!
Required parts:
• Database connection
• SQL query
• Data output
Additional filters can be added to the calendar presentation.
We recommend hosting your code on GitHub as it allows us to see how you handle commits. Please send us the link to the repo you created after you have finished your solution (o.spann@sportradar.com).# SportCalender
